#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--extra-index-url https://google-coral.github.io/py-repo/

absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   neural-structured-learning
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-slim
    #   tflite-model-maker
    #   tflite-support
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==23.2.0
    # via neural-structured-learning
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
bleach==6.1.0
    # via kaggle
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   sounddevice
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via tensorflow-datasets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.10
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
dataclasses==0.6
    # via tf-models-official
decorator==5.1.1
    # via librosa
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
etils[enp,epath,epy]==1.5.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
fire==0.6.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tflite-model-maker
    #   tflite-support
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.5.0
    # via etils
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-api-python-client==2.129.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud-bigquery==3.23.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.63.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via google-api-core
h5py==3.11.0
    # via tensorflow
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via markdown
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   matplotlib
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
kaggle==1.6.12
    # via tf-models-official
keras==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
librosa==0.10.2.post1
    # via tflite-model-maker
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via numba
lxml==5.2.2
    # via tflite-model-maker
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via librosa
neural-structured-learning==1.4.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
numba==0.59.1
    # via librosa
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   etils
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pycoral
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soxr
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
    #   tflite-runtime
    #   tflite-support
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python-headless==4.9.0.80
    # via tf-models-official
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   pooch
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-addons
pandas==2.2.2
    # via tf-models-official
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pycoral
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via pooch
pooch==1.8.1
    # via librosa
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tflite-support
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tf-models-official
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via tf-models-official
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.12.0
    # via tflite-support
pycoral==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via kaggle
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kaggle
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via librosa
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   neural-structured-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tf-models-official
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   fire
    #   google-pasta
    #   kaggle
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   neural-structured-learning
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tensorflowjs
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
sounddevice==0.4.6
    # via tflite-support
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via librosa
soxr==0.3.7
    # via librosa
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.3
    # via
    #   tensorflowjs
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-addons==0.22.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-datasets==4.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.9.0
    # via
    #   tensorflowjs
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.13.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-model-optimization==0.8.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflowjs==3.15.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   fire
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tf-models-official==2.3.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
tf-slim==1.1.0
    # via tf-models-official
tflite-model-maker==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tflite-runtime==2.5.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycoral
tflite-support==0.4.1
    # via tflite-model-maker
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   tensorflow-datasets
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   librosa
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
    #   tflite-model-maker
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
zipp==3.18.2
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
